add --from-current flag to context create (#1773)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/context_create.md

Docker endpoint config:

NAME                DESCRIPTION

> from                Copy Docker endpoint configuration from an existing context

Reviewer: Do we still want the `from` for `docker` and `kubernetes`, now that we have the top-level `--from`? Basically; wondering if we want `context create` and `context update` to allow mish-mashing two unrelated contexts.

I can _slightly_ see this being something when _creating_ a new context, but not entirely sure for _updating_ an existing one.

Reviewer 2: I think it is not about "usefulness" but more about symetry: endpoint configuration options would be easier to learn if they are the same for both create and update.

$ docker context create my-context --kubernetes "from-current=true" --docker "host=/var/run/docker.sock"
```

By default the `context` will be created from the current context. This will include both docker and, if set, kubernetes endpoint configuration. This is equivalent to `--docker "from-current=true"` or, if the current context has a kubernetes contfiguration, `--docker "from-current=true" --kubernetes "from-current=true"`:
```bash
$ docker context create my-context
```

> You can select a different `context` to create from by using the `--from` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `--from=<context name>` option to create a new context from an
existing context. The example below creates a new context named
`my-context` from the existing `existing-context` context.
```
